All right, do you guys see what I am
seeing right now on the chart and we
need to talk about Bitcoin? We got to
talk about Ethereum, but oil is coming
down to major support and the trades I'm
in currently up almost $100,000 from the
setups given in the moment in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord at
jasonaspertrading.com.
Guys, we are going to be getting into
the nitty-gritty of these charts right
now and share with you exactly what I am
looking at next. So, make sure to like,
subscribe, AND CLICK THE BELL for
we start with Bitcoin. On the 5th of
June, Bitcoin came down and took the
liquidity from the low that we made in
the beginning of February, and we got a
very strong daily and weekly close above
the level, which gave us a valid trade
entry. And from that point, we made a
high, a higher low, a higher high, and
now we are currently making a higher
low. And as we came down to the higher
low in the Casper VIP Discord, I'd let
everybody know, hey, I'm going for a
long from the Fibonacci golden pocket.
Now, not only did I take the trade from
that low over here, I did close it in
for a small profit, right? But we also
took the long, which is currently open
right now, up $11,000 unrealized profit.
Not only did we get the bounce from
here, but you can see this is our June
range. We're tracking this all the way
from the 2nd of June, and we are
currently reclaiming the very important
high volume node right over here at
around $64,000. And not only that, we're
attempting to break out of the range in
general right around here at $65ish,000.
Now, if we reclaim 65,000, we're most
likely going to come all the way back up
to the top of the range around $68,000.
But what's happening right now is this.
You can see here locally, and this is
the chart that I used in the Casper
Cruip Discord. We came up to this little
zone of resistance here. It's a value
area high of our local range that we're
basically taking from Monday the 15th of
June. We came up, we tapped this value
area high pretty much to the dang
dollar, and we're getting a bit of a
rejection. Now, of course, in the Casper
True VIP Discord, this is the short
trade that we gave this morning at 9:30
a.m. right as around New York was
opening. I personally did not take this
trade cuz I was hoping we would come up
a little bit higher, but it simply shows
that the levels are being respected.
Now, here is the good news here. If we
look at where we're bouncing right now,
we are bouncing from the daily and the
weekly VWOP coming in right around
$64.4,000.
And we're getting a little bit of
bullish divergence here on our six-minut
time frame. on our 3minut time frame.
You can see that h you know money flow a
little bit of a divergence. But here's
the deal. If we can actually hold this
level here cuz this is a really nice
level. When we take a step back and we
look at all of this, just draw a line
here. You can see it's a very important
level. If we do hold this level, I do
believe we are going to squeeze all of
this and get a big push to the upside.
It's very key right now that we hold
VWAP on the daily if we want to see
higher prices. Now, of course, if we're
going to reclaim the value area high,
then I do think we're going to make our
way up towards the $68,000 level because
here's the deal. When we zoom out and we
look at the bigger context here, the
bigger context of the range, in fact,
let's clean everything off except for
the bigger context of the range. We'll
go back to our daily time frame over
here and we're going to look at
everything that we've traded since the
beginning of February. You can see that
not only was this Fibonacci golden
pocket a Fibonacci golden pocket, it was
also our value area low of the range.
And so what we see here is a loss of the
macro range, a reclaim of the macro
range, a rejection from the point of
control. But instead of breaking down
and making a lower low, we actually came
down perfectly to back test value area
low golden pocket make a higher low.
Which means if we see bullishness
continue here, the next step is to come
up above $67.2,000. $2,000. And if that
happens, there is literally no
resistance here. All right, until we see
higher prices. Now, people ask, "Jay,
why are you so bullish?" Look, I'm not
saying that I'm super bullish here. But
if we reclaim this key area of
resistance, then I get bullish. Then I
get bullish. Why do I get bullish?
Because it's all about probabilities,
guys. Right now, when we reclaim this
level, the highest probability is that
we come up to the PC. We reject from the
PC. The highest probability is that we
come down at least to value area low. We
came down to value area low, but we
bounced. Which means now if this bullish
market structure of low, high, higher
low, higher high continues. Once we're
up here, there is no resistance in this
whole zone. Fast move down, fast move
up. That was a fast move down. It's like
you woke up in the morning, you ate a
giant bowl of oatmeal with bran flakes
and prunes and fiber supplements and a
whole bunch of psyllium husk. If you're
one of those weird keto guys that still
eats bread cuz I don't know, all that
fiber caused a massive dump. But big
dump means, you know, after you take a
big dump, sometimes you just have to sit
there on the toilet for a while cuz your
legs have fallen asleep. But as soon as
you gather your strength, you know,
you're popping up to do some cool stuff
around the house. That's exactly what
could happen here with Bitcoin. Now, of
course, locally, if this rejection that
we're getting from around $65,000, if we
start to now locally change market
structure, come back down and regive all
this that we gave, then I do not get
bullish. In fact, I get bearish because
as it stands right now, so long as the
price is underneath this level, again,
when we reclaim this PC, it gets very
bullish very quick. So long as we were
under this level, the highest
probability is still that we continue in
this bearish market structure and come
down a little bit lower to I'd say the
mid50s. Why the mid-50s, you ask?
Because the mid-50s is a very key zone
of support. It's a very high volume node
on the monthly. Plus, it's the macro
Fibonacci golden pocket from bare market
bottom to bull market high. Those are
the key levels I'm looking at right now
for Bitcoin. Now guys, just a quick
reminder, I am a reactionary trader. I
am not a predictor. What I do is I come
up with a plan every single day in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord. I come up with
a plan and I post my plans and these are
not signals. These are plans. Meaning,
if the price comes to my level and I see
something that I want, then I take a
trade. For example, I told everybody if
we reclaim this, I will long after the
wick down. If not, I wait for lower. So,
we come down, I see what I want to see,
I take the trade. I'm not that confident
in it, but I have my confirmation. And
then boom, we get the move. If I don't
see my confirmations, I don't take the
trade. That's why I'm telling people in
the moment, look, I'm only going to take
the trade if such and such happen. This
is what we do in the Casper Truman.
Guys, if you want to trade Bitcoin and
altcoins along with me, I'm trading on
Antarctic Decentralized Exchange, lowest
fees. If you use my link, I'm also
trading on KSEX. Extremely low fees. I
love KSEX so much because they're giving
you 0% limit, 0.01% market order,
unbeatable. You could literally scalp
the 5-second time frame and be
profitable. In fact, we do it all the
time. Not only that, but KSEX is also
giving you a super juicy deposit bonus.
Links in the pin comment and description
for all this stuff if you're interested.
And guys, that brings us right to
Ethereum, aka Ethereum, aka Ethereum,
aka if you have a headache, pop a few
Vitalic Buterins with a glass of water
and you'll start to feel better very
soon because right now ETH is coming
down to a very key area of support.
getting a bounce last four weeks. Coming
down June 1st, we get a nice little
bounce from none other than the value
area low of all the price action that
we've literally been trading since
February 2021.
Now, we are coming up to the high volume
node of this macro multi-year range. If
we reclaim it, in my opinion, that is
extremely bullish. We could potentially
see a squeeze all the way back up to
around $2,400. That's our next support
resistance flip. And I want to bring
your attention to market cipher B. As
the price is making a lower low, coming
down to very key support, I might add,
the oscillator market cipher B is making
a higher low. This is known as a bullish
divergence. The money flow is getting
higher as the price is getting lower.
It's a very bullish sign on the weekly
time frame. Known colloquially as the
coveted uneven butt cheek pattern. Big
on the left side, nice and juicy, skinny
on the right side to round out the
booty. And if we take the cheeks and we
put them on the chart and we stretch
them out, we move them over, you can see
that the resemblance is quite striking.
And again, in the New England Journal of
Medicine, this is known as a bullish
divergence. So here's the deal. If we
see Bitcoin start to continue with its
bullish market structure, I'd say ETH
will do the same. And again, if ETH can
reclaim this high volume node, I don't
see why we can't get a fast powerful
move to the upside. When you have a
bullish div on the weekly, man, that
honestly is no joke. That really could
give us some upside.
in the end of June. Now, of course,
don't get me wrong, I am not bullish on
ETH unless we get a clean reclaim of
this high volume node until we do. This
is not bullish. It's very important that
we maintain our reactionary trading
mindset. We're not here to predict
because these are not confirmed signals.
We're saying if this happens, if we get
a clean break, then if you're not long
already, you could look for a long to
come up to some much higher prices,
right? But if we don't get that, the
probabilities, guys, are that we still
maintain in this downtrend that we've
been in well really since August of
2025,
right? And then of course, our next
major target is going to be probably
coming down to take the liquidity, take
the lows at around $1,350.
So, we really need to wait and see what
happens in this very key area. But what
I really want to talk about right now is
oil because oil has been dumping like
crazy, wrecking everybody who bought
based on this war news. So look at this
chart right now. We formed this
descending channel here all the way from
September 2023 until the breakout right
in around the end of or the beginning of
March 2026. And we got a big move up
news induced move up. Everybody fomoing
into oil just to pretty much give it all
back. Now look at what's happening right
now. We are coming down to the zone
between the Fibonacci golden pocket and
the 786 at $65.26
a barrel. Now here's why this is so
important. Not only would this area fill
the gap from when we got this news
induced pump, you can see here that
based on the news, we gap up when the
week opens, right, but also it's going
to back test the trend line of
resistance that we had all the way back
since September 2023, which is pretty
crazy. In fact, what happens if we pull
this even farther? I mean, you could
even make the case that this trend line
roughly goes all the way back to the
spring of 2022. So we are coming down to
a very major area of support where
honestly we need to be looking for a
significant bounce on oil because not
only is this a major support
but if we go back in time we can see it
is a very key level going all the way
back to 2021 and even beyond that guys
right we could pull this all the way
back all the way back and see just in
general this area is very important for
oil. So be aware that we are coming down
to very key areas of support. So we've
seen a lot of news, a lot of news with
the oil lately. If we are down to key
supports and we see bullish news at all,
could be a catalyst for a nice move to
the upside. Even if we're not pumping
back up towards $120 a barrel, could
still get a nice little bounce here. So
be aware, oil is coming down to some
very key levels. And guys, that is it
for today's video. Make sure to like,
subscribe, click the bell for
notifications, and may God bless you all
in the name of Jesus, Yeshua, the
Messiah. I do pray you and your families
are super blessed in many ways, and I
will see you guys in the next video.
Peace.